---
layout: post
title: Soul Food
img: music.jpg
excerpt: Why is it that we sometimes feel more connected with a singer you've never met, than with the company of people who may have known you for years.
---

Why is it that we sometimes feel more connected with a singer you've never met, than with the company of people who may have known you for years. Why is it that these symphonies hold more truth than any advice you've ever received?

No matter what your mood is, there will always be a lyric to match it. Some moods might solicit the company of real humans, but most of them will tease your mind until you allow them to drown into the dulcet tones and dancing notes of an instrument.


The soul will demand the resonating sound from the wind dancing in a flute, the conversations between guitar strings brought closer and pulled apart from each other in a playful rhythm, and the singing face of the drum as it meets with its wooden companions. 
All these voices feel so much more like home than the presence of your own species.
Does that make you weird? To be more comfortable with instruments of wood, and lyrics from a stranger? Maybe. But who cares? When your body demands food, so does the soul. And that's where the tunes come in. Blowing through the wind to your radio, or in combinations of a gazillion 0s and 1s on your laptop, finally finding their way to your ears. Travelling through your synapses and into the little corner that's the gateway to your soul. Music, becoming soul food.
